Q.1 What is your understanding of Blockchain?
Ans:- Blockchain is chain of blocks. That means it has number of blocks or n number of blocks that are connected to each other. It is a tempered proof technology. 
Which means it's unhackable, no more fear for middlemen or attackers, peer-to-peer transaction, distributed system that means no centralized server, it is secure and immutable. 
It is very secure technology which will be booming in future, fields like AI, IOT devices, Banking, Healthcare, Industires, Indian Railways(Ticket system) etc. It has Sha256 algorithm to secure the data or transaction. Block contains of 4 things that is:
1. Block Number
2. Transaction Record 
3. Previous Block key or hash Key
4. Mining Key.

Q.2 What is the core problem blockchain trying to solve?
Ans:- Basically, Blockchain trying to solve is to remove the attackers i.e., hackers, also want to remove middlemen so that the transaction is secure and can transmit the data
from one computer to another without using or begging the middilemen. 

Q.3 What are the few features which Blockchain will give you?
Ans:- Blochain features are:
1. It is a tempered proof technology,
2. Data is secure and immutable,
3. Distributed system that means no centralized server,
4. Can't be reverse engineered, 
5. Secured by sha256 Algorithm.

Q.4 What all things does Block contain?
Ans:- A block contain 4 things:- 
1. Block Number
2. Transaction Record
3. Previous Block Key or Hash Key
4. Mining Key

Q.5 How is the verifiability of Blockchain has been attained?
Ans:- Transactions are verified by it's signature. Signature means tha hash key that is generated by the helo of sha256 algorithm. If the hash key or the signature is matching
from the both block or computer or peer then it is verfied. If it is not that means it has changed or tempered somewhere. For example:-
if A has a hash key or a signature i.e., "00ABCD" and he wants to send some BTC to B then he can verify by A's signature key or hash key i.e., "00ABCD". If it's match then the transaction is said to be complete.
